feat: add package dedupe-mixin (#1340)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/dedupe-mixin/README.md

# Dedupe Mixin

[//]: # 'AUTO INSERT HEADER PREPUBLISH'

> Making sure your Mixin does not interfere with itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically Deduplicate JavaScript Class Mixins
```

## Features

> - small

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Small
```

> - fast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fast
```

> - typed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Typed
```

## Usage

> Apply it to all mixins that are shared.

Reviewer: Vague: does this mean you can apply the function once to the top level instance?

Or do you mean "Apply it to each mixin in the chain to make sure they are not applied more than once to the final class"

Author: I mean `Apply it to each mixin...` will use your sentence 👍

```js
import { dedupeMixin } from '@open-wc/dedupe-mixin';

export const MyMixin = dedupeMixin(
  superclass =>
    class MyMixin extends superclass {
      // your mixin code goes here
    },
);
```

> ## What is a Mixin?

Reviewer: Put this before the "Usage" section

Author: not sure about this one... 
what is if people already know what a mixin is and they only come here to find out how to dedupe it?
so it's basically how many people with know mixins vs how many will not?

if less then 50% know mixins then it should be above - otherwise "as details below"

What we can do is put it in an "external" place and write it so it can be "mixed in".

```
               +----------+                +----------+
               |   Page   |                | Logging* |
               +-+--+--+--+                +----------+
                 |  |  |
      +----------+  |  +-----------+
      |             |              |
+-----+----+  +-----+-----+  +-----+----+
| PageRed  |  | PageGreen |  | PageBlue |
|  with    |  |   with    |  +----------+
| Logging* |  |  Logging* |
+----------+  +-----------+
```

```js
// defining the Mixin
export const LoggingMixin = superclass =>
  class LoggingMixin extends superclass {
    // logging logic
  };

class Page {}
// applying a Mixin
class PageRed extends LoggingMixin(Page) {}
class PageGreen extends LoggingMixin(Page) {}
class PageBlue extends Page {}
```

With that approach we can extract logic into a separate code pieces we can use where needed.

For a more in depth technical explanation please read [Real Mixins with JavaScript Classes](https://justinfagnani.com/2015/12/21/real-mixins-with-javascript-classes/).

> ## Why is deduping of mixins necessary?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why is Deduping of Mixins Necessary?
```

> We now want do logging for Red, Green and Blue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now want all logging to the Red, Green, and Blue pages.
```

Easy enough - as we can now apply the LoggingMixin on the Page itself.

```
               +----------+               +----------+
               |   Page   |               | Logging* |
               |   with   |               +----------+
               | Logging* |
               +-+--+--+--+
                 |  |  |
      +----------+  |  +-----------+
      |             |              |
+-----+----+  +-----+-----+  +-----+----+
| PageRed  |  | PageGreen |  | PageBlue |
+----------+  |   with    |  +----------+
              |  Logging* |
              +-----------+
```

> Oh oh - team Page was faster then Team Green. So the Mixin is now applied two times 😱

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Team Green were eager to launch, so they already applied `LoggingMixin` to their Page class. When we apply it to the base `Page` class,  Mixin is now applied twice 😱
```

> So now our logging is completely wrong as suddenly Green does twice as many loggings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suddenly, the Green page will print each log twice - not what we originally had in mind.
```

> That is not what we intended 🙈

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

What we need to do is make sure that each Mixin is attached only once even if we try to apply it multiple times.

```js
import { dedupeMixin } from '@open-wc/dedupe-mixin';

export const MyMixin = dedupeMixin(
  superclass =>
    class MyMixin extends superclass {
      // your mixin code goes here
    },
);
```

> You can see exactly this situation in the demo.

Reviewer: By applying `dedupeMixin` to the mixin function, before we export it, we can be sure that our mixin class will only take effect once, even if it is mixed in to multiple base classes in the inheritance chain.

Author: replace the sentence or add below?

Reviewer: replace

- [no-dedupe](/dedupe-mixin/demo/no-dedupe/) "fails" by logging Green two times
- [with-dedupe](/dedupe-mixin/demo/with-dedupe/) "succeeds" by logging Green one time as well

You can check the source code for both on [github](https://github.com/open-wc/open-wc/tree/master/packages/dedupe-mixin/demo-typed).

> Generally the more generic a mixin is, the higher the chance becomes that is gets applied more than once. As a mixin author you can't control how it is used, and can't always predict it. So as a safety measure it is always recommended to create deduping mixins.

Reviewer: this line should be higher up in the problem statement, before the specific examples
